---
layout: page
title: Abstracts
permalink: /abstracts/
description: Abstracts and Presentations
nav: true
nav_order: 5
---

1. <span style="color:red">**Xu K**</style>, Hsiao C, Ballard H, et al. (2022) Peripartum women’s perspectives on research study participation in the OneFlorida Clinical Research Consortium. Reproductive and Perinatal Biology Research program trainee festival; November 17th, 2022; Gainesville, FL
2. Wane I, Elias E, **Xu K**, Du X, Bisesi JH, Young HW, Brown K, Bowden JA, Delcher C, Lemas DJ.; (2022). Utilization of Wastewater-Based Epidemiology to Identify Drug Consumption and Predict Health Outcomes Using Electronic Health Records; Poster for Annual Biomedical Research Conference for Minoritized Scientists (ABRCMS); November 9-12, 2022; Anaheim, CA
3. **Xu K**, Hsiao C, Ballard H, et al. (2022) Peripartum women’s perspectives on research study participation in the OneFlorida Clinical Research Consortium. American Journal of Obstetrics & Gynecology. 2022;226(1): S640-S641.
4. Louis-Jacques AF, Lemas DJ, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Maternal gut microbiome during the lactational period. American Journal of Obstetrics & Gynecology. 2022;226(1): S11-S12.
5. Lemas DJ, Lewis B, Frank S, Wright L, Magalhães M, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Machine learning and Natural Language Processing for Classifying Infant Feeding Status from Clinical Notes; Abstract for the American Medical Informatics Association 2022 Annual Symposium; November 5-Novemver 9, 2022; Washington, DC
6. Yang X, Ballard H, Mahadevan A, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Deep learning-based prognosis prediction among preeclamptic pregnancies using electronic health record data; Abstract for the 30th Conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology; July 10-July 14, 2022. Madison, Wisconsin, United States
7. Louis-Jacques A, Lemas DJ, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Lactational Status is Associated with Changes in Maternal Gut Microbiota; Abstract for the Emerging Pathogens Institute Research Day; February 10, 2022; Gainesville, FL
8. **Xu K**, Hsiao CJ, Ballard H, et al. (2022). Peripartum women’s perspectives on research study participation in the OneFlorida Clinical Research Consortium during COVID-19 pandemic; Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 Graduate Student Research Day; April 5, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
9. **Xu K**, Hsiao CJ, Ballard H, et al. (2022). Peripartum women’s perspectives on research study participation in the OneFlorida Clinical Research Consortium during COVID-19 pandemic; Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
10. Ulfat F, Reeder C, Smith E, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). The association between health and resource concerns and perceived threat of the COVID-19 pandemic among pregnant and postpartum women; Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
11. King C, Louis-Jacques A, Sauders J, Lemas DJ, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Gut Microbiome in Exclusive Breastfeeding Women in the First Six Months Postpartum. Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
12. Louis-Jacques A, Lemas DJ , **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Lactation Status is Associated with Changes in Maternal Gut Microbiota. Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
13. Lemas DJ; Lewis B; Frank D; Wright L; Magalhães M; **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Machine learning and natural language processing for classifying infant feeding status from clinical notes; Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL
14. Lemas DJ, Layton C, Ballard H, **Xu K**, Smulian J, Gurka M, Loop MS, Smith E, Reeder C, Louis-Jacques A, Hsiao C, Hall, J (2022). County-level Analysis of Perinatal Health Indicators Within the UF Health Perinatal Catchment Area. Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL.
15. Ballard H, Chachad N, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Geography Matters: The Impact of Healthcare Access on Maternal Breastfeeding Confidence; Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL.
16. Gillespie Y; **Xu K**; Flood-Grady E, et al. (2022). Participant recruitment outcomes for the Breastfeeding and Early Child Health (BEACH) study; Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
17. Wane I; Elias E; **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Utilization of Wastewater-Based Epidemiology to Identify Drug Consumption and Predict Health Outcomes through Electronic Health Records. Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
18. Chachad N, Ballard H, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). The Impact of Maternal Subjective Social Status on Perinatal Health Outcomes; Abstract for the University of Florida 2022 College of Medicine Research Day; April 6, 2022. Gainesville, FL 
19. Ballard H, Layton C, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Rural Trends in Maternal Healthcare Utilization by UF Health. Abstract for the University of Florida Undergraduate Spring 2022 Undergraduate Research Symposium; April 7, 2022. Gainesville, FL.  
20. Ballard H, Chachad N, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). Geography Matters: The Impact of Healthcare Access on Maternal Breastfeeding Confidence; Abstract for the Florida Undergraduate Research Conference; February 18-19; Orlando, FL.  
21. Chachad N, Ballard H, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). The Impact of Maternal Subjective Social Status on Perinatal Health Outcomes; Abstract for the University of Florida Spring Undergraduate Research Symposium; April 7, 2022. Gainesville, FL.
22. Chachad N, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2022). The Impact of Maternal Pre-Pregnancy Body Mass Index on Resilience to Perinatal Stress; Abstract for the Florida Undergraduate Research Conference; February 18-19, 2022. Orlando, FL.
23. Saldivar B, Ahrens A, Sanchez-Padilla D, Culpepper T, **Xu K**, et al. (2021). Effects of a Behavioral Lifestyle Intervention on Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Gut Microbiota; Poster for American College of Physicians; March 29 - April 16, 2021; Gainesville, FL.
24. Ballard H, Chachad N, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2021). Geography Matters: The Impact of Healthcare Access on Maternal Breastfeeding Confidence; Abstract for the University of Florida Fall 2021 Undergraduate Research Symposium; November 3, 2021, Gainesville, FL.  
25. Chachad N, Francois M, **Xu K**, et al. (2021). The Impact of Maternal Pre-Pregnancy Body Mass Index on Resilience to Perinatal Stress; Abstract for the University of Florida Fall Undergraduate Research Symposium; November 3, 2021. Gainesville, FL.
26. Du X, **Xu K**, Manfio L, et al. (2020). RUMP: A Reproducible Pipeline for Scalable Untargeted Metabolomics Data Analysis. Abstract for the Metabolomics Association of North America 2th Annual MANA conference; September 14-16, 2020; University of Michigan.
